There once was a man owned his own baeckerei and made exceptional brot. He believed his good-luck Lederhose was responsible for his wettbewerbsfaehig Apfelkuchen and was particularly proud of the medal he won for his gebaeck in the previous competition held at Eltz. The man had no klimaanlage in his baeckerei, and the weather was very hot in the summer so he spent much of it sitting idly in the local biergarten with his sleepy hund. The the nearby flughafen kept his hund awake much of the time, but the hund was given treats of brot, which helped make up for the trouble. On the weekends, the man and his hund would take joy rides to Berlin in their Porche 911. To get to Berlin they take the hauptstrasse, and when there they like to visit the other wettbewerbsfaehig baeckereis.  They also enjoyed visiting their favorite Ratskeller, whose owner was a fan of Rammstein music, although they questioned his taste in driving a BMW.  On one particular weekend, the man decided that instead of driving he would like to fly to Berlin instead of driving like usual, so he packed up his hund and headed off to the flughafen, even though he didn't have a ticket yet. He arrived at the Flughafen parking in his Porsche (He didn't want to risk damage to the BMW), locked the Schloss, and proceeded to the gate wearing his favorite Lederhose.  On the way to the gate he tripped over a Mehlhase.  As he fell, he dropped the brot that he was carrying, and a nice woman wearing a Dirndl helped him to gather all of his things. It was then that he realized he had gotten brot crumbs all over his lederhose. "Mein brot ist kaput," he thought, "but I feel like a bratwurst instead!" The only reasonable way to make him feel better about losing a perfectly good brot, and getting his favorite lederhose filthy, was to make haste to the nearest biergarten, and empty his bank account on that precious hoppy yeast nectar. The woman in the dirndl pulled a gebaeck wrapped in a napkin out of her purse and handed him the napkin. After such a long exhausting day he just wanted quiet but the cuckoo clocks all were going off and he could not rest. It was such an unfortunate situation and the man was so upset that he decided it was finally time to cell his baeckerei and open up the Butcher's Market where he could make juicy and scrumptious bratwurst so not only his clients could enjoy it but his sleepy hund could finally eat some meat. Althought they would no longer need to spend summer days at their favorite biergarten anymore, the man thought he would even buy a klimaanlage for his new Butcher's Market.